the mandalorian delivers the child to
the client
he asks about the plans for the child
but is given no answer
[Music]
when the mandalorian returns to the
secret mandalorian enclave
his damaged armor is replaced by the
armorer with a new set
forged from some of the biscar reward
another mandalorian berates him for
working with former agents of the
galactic empire
who are responsible for their
predicament the armorer defuses the
situation by reminding them of the way
of mandalore
[Music]
returning to the guild the mandalorian
learns from grief karga that everyone in
the guild had a tracking fob for the
child
grief implores him to take some time to
rest but the mandalorian insists on
taking on another job
he asks grief if he has any idea what
the client has planned for the child
but grieve says he did not ask as it
would be against the guild code
telling him he should forget about it
despite accepting a new assignment and
starting to prepare his ship to depart
the mandalorian has a change of heart at
the last moment
unable to bring himself to leave an
innocent baby in the hands of dangerous
imperials
and instead turns back to infiltrate the
client's base of operations
killing many imperial stormtroopers he
rescues the child from a laboratory
[Music]
on the way back to his ship the
mandalorian is ambushed by the other
bounty hunters and grief
who demand he hand the child over after
he refuses
a firefight breaks out leaving the
mandalorian heavily outnumbered and
cornered
but warriors from the mandalorian
enclave unexpectedly arrive
attacking the bounty hunters and giving
the mandalorian cover to escape
ambushing the mandalorian on his ship
grief gives him one last chance to
surrender
but the mandalorian outsmarts him and
shoots him ejecting him from the
[Music]
spacecraft
so
[Music]
the child's hand appears reaching up to
the console from below
the mandalorian unscrews a control knob
that he had earlier berated the child
for playing with
and drops it into its hand